[Autogenerated] Hello.
My name is Josie.
I'm job champion and Jeff, I wanna rock star.
I'm talking to you from Paris where I live and I'm very excited to
prison my new calls Eclipse For Java developers,
this cause is about leveraging eclipse to Eser your
daily tasks as a java there a pope.
First you will learn how to configure eclipse to exactly sweet your leads.
Then you will see how to use May burn from within eclipse To
create jobs projects with dependencies,
Play Ginza on to deploy them in repositories you will be using gate,
including pushing and fetching code from remote re
positive reason Using its Herber,
you will also use the clips as a sequel client for your database.
And at last you will learn how to create a Java e
application and deploy it in a Tomcat server.
You will de burgh this application in a local instance off
the cat and in a remote before you move on,
be sure to be familiar with all these are you can check the floor aside.
Library for that a creeps is a complex I d e and I
will be very happy to show you.
I want to make it a tool that will help you become a better and more productive Java developer.